Performance metrics are vital for supervised machine learning models. To be sure that your model is doing well in its predictions, you need to evaluate the model. Our goal is to identify how well the model performs on new data.

There are some evaluation metrics that can help you determine whether the model’s predictions are accurate to a certain level of performance.

Here are some commonly used regression evaluation metrics:

#### Mean Squared Error (MSE): 

MSE calculates the average squared difference between the predicted and actual values. It gives a measure of the overall model performance, with higher values indicating greater prediction errors.

#### Root Mean Squared Error (RMSE): 

RMSE is the square root of MSE and provides a more interpretable measure of the average prediction error.

It is useful for comparing different models or evaluating the model's performance in the original unit of the target variable.

#### R-squared (R²) Score: 

R-squared measures the proportion of the variance in the target variable that is explained by the model. It ranges from 0 to 1, with higher values indicating a better fit. However, R-squared alone does not provide information about the accuracy of individual predictions.

#### How to use those metrics
```
from sklearn.metrics import mean_squared_error, r2_score

MSE = mean_squared_error(y_test,y_pred)
RMSE= np.sqrt(mean_squared_error(y_test,y_pred))
R2 = r2_score(y_test,y_pred)


print('Mean Square Error:', MSE)
print('Root Mean Square Error:', RMSE)
print('R2:', R2)
```
